all right and we are here with Kerry wet
ler and she's gonna talk to us tonight
about how to stay calm with all the news
that's going on and everything else and
stuff like that and so why don't we
start off with some of the questions and
I think it would be appropriate to start
with who who is Kerry Webb ler we'll
edit that who are you tell us about
yourself
so I don't even know what to call myself
anymore for a long time I was editor in
chief of the anti media org we no longer
exist in the capacity we used to do to
some bands on Facebook and Twitter last
year but I found myself in activism the
role I actually want to say seven eight
years ago I started making videos I had
voted for Barack Obama very proudly in
2008 and come 2011 Arab Spring was
coming up things were happening in the
world and I realized I have no idea what
was going on I had voted I had
participated in the system but I was not
keeping track of the system and when I
started realizing that Barack Obama had
expanded a lot of the wars George Bush
had started I decided that I cared
because I came from a Democratic
background and from Los Angeles I was
raised just to believe that blue was
good and red was bad and the faith I had
put in Obama he didn't live up to it
I'll say that and I just felt like it
was somebody's responsibility to start
speaking out I had always wished I'd
grown up in the 1960s so I could have
protested the Vietnam War so war was
always a really big issue for me and it
continued even when a Democratic
president anyone from there and then
went from there and alright so and that
goes right into one of the next
questions one of the other questions Wow
okay so it says I always see her
critiquing the corporate establishment
gun control foreign policy etc I wonder
what her vision for the future is like
that she just realized that government
was full of it after Obama and then fell
into libertarian and ancap ISM
is she not revolutionary minded at all
but just wants more old-school
conservatism also who hurt you Kari you
always seem mad okay you have to keep me
on track here because there's a lot of
moving parts to this question I think
there is a little confusion because
whoever asked this question seems to
think I'm both a libertarian and a
conservative the those who don't
coincide to me just as much as
libertarians can coincide with people on
the Left they can coincide with people
on the right economically whereas on the
left it tends to be a little bit more
civil liberties oriented but nonetheless
let's see
I might not revolutionary mind it at all
I feel like I am I believe I prefer
evolution more than I prefer revolution
I my solution is not violence in the
streets and you know taking down the
government with guns as much as I
support gun rights I don't think that
that's gonna be a sustainable long term
solution I'm a big proponent of agar ism
if anyone in your audience is heard of
it I'm sure they have where you're
basically just participating in counter
economic activity to challenge a lot of
the injustice that's been perpetuated by
the system so for example if you look at
occupational licensing laws these are
terrible they put a really big burden on
the poor often minorities it keeps
people from making a living because they
have to jump through all these hoops and
all this government required trainings
so just a quick example what if I got my
hair cut by someone who didn't have the
correct government license that would be
an act of defiance and I know maybe it
sounds silly and it sounds stupid but
all of these acts adding up someone you
know a parent using CBD to treat their
child with seizures in a state where
it's illegal that would be a gruesome
you're participating in something that
not only undermines the pharmaceutical
industry which is very entrenched with
government but you're also you're just
taking a different way you're breaking
the law at the end of the day it's civil
disobedience and I think that all of
these actions can add up to really make
a difference and not so much
revolutionize our paradigm and tear down
the government but instead just create a
more cooperative community-based way of
living as opposed to relying on a giant
federal government and even state
governments local governments that can
be very corrupt and I didn't forget the
question who hurt me
is actually very essential to the entire
conversation I think we're supposed to
be having who hurt me first that would
be my parents when they got divorced and
a lot of my life and a lot of my
emotional healing process has been
dealing with these childhood wounds and
I don't want to be presumptuous but I
feel like this is the case for a lot of
people children are very sensitive we're
very prone to being misunderstood and
not having our needs met because we're
being raised by other human beings who
probably also didn't have their needs
met and so this was not something that
had occurred to me or mattered to me at
all when I started making videos but
over the last few years this person said
I'm always mad yeah sometimes I am in my
videos but I started to realize that
that's not a sustainable way to live I
don't want to be angry all the time and
I think for me it's been an interesting
line to walk and an interesting balance
to try to strike because on one hand
it's very legitimate to be angry about
everything that's going on in the world
but on the other hand I had to start
examining that younger trauma those
younger experiences I had and really
start to get real with myself about how
much of my reactions to what was going
on in the world were actually something
that was triggered in me on something it
has nothing to do with government but
there were some common themes so for
example I just talked about this in a
speech so I'll use this and when we lost
the anti media last year one of the
feelings that was coming up for me was
like hopeless I feel silenced imagine
that those were feelings that were
coming up for me when my parents got
divorced that I only came back and
realized years and years later so for me
who hurt me it's actually a really big
question and it's really important in my
opinion moving forward as a society as
we try to get more freedom and justice
and peace in this world oh no no that
those there was a lot in a real short
amount of time I mean there's a whole
man I hope your parents don't watch this
no I know they know they know and that's
the beauty of the healing process is
they're human too I'm human I love my
parents have always loved my parents and
they love me so much and it's been a
really beautiful process to try to heal
from that
all right so one of the questions I get
a lot is you know how do you stay
centered and how do you do this with
everything that's going on in the world
how do you not just end up angry
throwing stuff at the camera and I don't
have an answer to that so that's why
you're here help people right now make
them make them feel better how right
this moment fix everything how
give me some solutions on how to
maintain Center with all of this going
on sure
well so for people who don't know bow is
my personal friend and I'm very very
lucky and grateful for that but he knows
that I've had a hard time last year so I
don't want to speak from a place of
having all the answers and knowing every
solution and like I have this recipe for
how to be happy and how to change the
world I don't not at all
all I can share is what has helped me so
the first thing that ever helped me was
I found yoga so I'm from Los Angeles
there's a big yoga community here and
I've been making videos I don't know not
more than six months when I found yoga
but I just found myself really agitated
and really antsy and I went to my first
yoga class that really resonated with me
I'd gone before and it just didn't click
so if you go to a yoga class and you
don't like the teacher go to another one
before you that's my first advice but it
just resonated and what yoga is
essentially is it's a moving meditation
so it's really a meditation practice
because you're taking the time to be
present to focus on your body to focus
on your breath and that helps bring a
little bit of calm so by the time you
finished a yoga class whether it's like
a workout yoga class or a deep
stretching yoga class if you've put in
even just the tiniest little bit of
effort to be present that can be
intensely calming the same goes for
actually an actual meditation practice
so I meditate daily that I started doing
three years ago maybe because again I
was getting online I was just waking up
pulling out my phone pulling up Facebook
and it was agitating it was not fun it
made me angry from the second I woke up
and I'm sure a lot of people can relate
to that
so I implemented a practice where I
meditate it's gone up over the years but
I started with 10 minutes a day in the
morning before I did anything else no
Instagram for me no Facebook and that
really sets the tone for the day and it
sort of helps you realize what's worth
it you know so I used to be very engaged
in comments and I used to be very
reactive as a dirty word but I'll say
reactive I was very reactive and by
focusing on this presence I'm trying to
cultivate just a calmer mindset it has
made it easier for me to be like you
know what I don't need to respond to
that person and if I do I'm gonna reread
the comment before I post I'm gonna take
out anything that's I'm gonna take out
any sarcasm however so I can recommend
yellow guy I can recommend meditation
and these are wonderful day-to-day tools
but to bring it back to who hurt me I
really think that unless we're getting
to the deeper sources of our conflict
and our suffering
we're gonna be reactive no matter what I
can do all the yoga in the world and I
did do all the yoga in the world I
became a yoga teacher and I still found
myself struggling with much deeper
issues and after a while the high of the
yoga the high of the meditation wears
off so you kind of you have to get real
with yourself and I'm saying this is
someone who's still learning how to do
that so it's a day-to-day process in
addition to use mindfulness practices
that I think are really helpful and I'd
like to recommend before I forget
because we're talking about these things
I think someone that a lot of your
viewers would appreciate her name is
Tara brach br ACH and she is a former
therapist she's a meditation teacher
she's very deep into Buddhism but she
does a lot of great podcasts talking
about how to cope and how to deal with
the current state of the world I'm
fairly confident she shares a lot of the
political persuasions as your audience
probably does so I think that would be a
wonderful jumping-off point I mean
that's my go-to when I am just like
stressing out and yoga's not cutting it
I just light some candles I do some yoga
I put my headphones in and I listen to
Tara and she really helps me through it
and she's really big on you know we're
talking about being angry at the world
and something that she talks about that
I think is incredibly helpful and useful
and really gets to the root of healing
is looking at what's underneath the
anger so when you're finding yourself
angry this is an example she's isn't a
podcast she talks about the Iraq war in
2003 and she was so angry she just was
waking up in the morning and like she
felt hatred flowing through her until
she paw
she did it's called the sacred pause in
this practice and she stopped to think
about the more vulnerable emotions
underneath well what was she feeling she
was feeling really scared did a bunch of
innocent people were gonna die she was
scared that power could be this out of
control and by tapping into that softer
emotion she was able to connect more
deeply with others around her and that's
a big one for me because if you have
seen my videos you know I can be very
you know I've had to work on that a lot
you are you're so West Coast so you
bring that the idea of meditation bring
that to people more like me I mean
you've had this conversation with me
meditation doesn't necessarily mean
sitting on the floor with candles around
you legs crossed and humming what are
some other examples that are maybe more
practical for people that live this side
of the Mississippi okay well I'm not
that familiar with outside but I would
say yeah like meditation doesn't have to
be sitting on a cushion and sitting up
straight and you know being
uncomfortable because your back hurts
because you've been sitting for 15
minutes straight for me meditation is
anything that brings you into the
present moment it brings you out of that
mental chatter and that loop and I have
a lot of mental chatter and a lot of
loops they go all the time so it could
be something like going for a hike do
you like nature do you feel present in
nature is that something that really
makes you feel like you're experiencing
the moment that is a meditation to me
don't like don't tell other meditation
teachers I said that cuz I don't know
but for me that's that is the meditation
whatever brings maybe it's playing music
maybe it's writing music you know just
something that you feel a sense of
Center and it's hard to explain but
meditation in its essence it it sounds
so esoteric but it really is just
bringing attention to the present moment
and when I used to teach yoga I would
tell my students because I needed to
hear this it doesn't matter if your mind
wanders a thousand times in 20 minutes
all that matters is that you notice and
that there's the meditation it's not
keeping a quiet mind and never having a
thought run through it and then you have
peace not at all it's simply being aware
of it and accepting that it's there
because I went through a long phase
where I was meditating every day but I
was coming out of them
Asians more irritated because I couldn't
shut my mind up so I'd sit there for 10
minutes and I'd be like trying to focus
on the breath but then I just be mean to
myself it's like Carrie what's wrong
with you how come you can't do this and
then what does the mind want to do more
it wants to go even more so a big part
of my practice has been just accepting
what's here acknowledging it and gently
guiding yourself back like it doesn't
help me to be mean to myself I
definitely that is a lesson I've learned
very well over there's not gonna add to
anything to your life it's only gonna
burst on the suffering all right okay so
I want to jump back to some more these
questions because there's some I mean
there's some good ones let's see your
opinion on how to make people understand
they need to take a skeptical view of
any media sources how do you how do you
tell people that they need to not trust
the Washington Post or whoever well I
think essentially it's not about whether
it's a corporate outlet it's not about
whether it's independent because
something I've noticed a lot in
independent media is a lot of the
audience's and a lot of the people who
create the media themselves tend to
think well if it's not mainstream media
it's good they must be telling the truth
they're going against the narrative
therefore I'm not gonna fact-check
anything they say I'm just gonna assume
that it's true because it confirms my
biases and the same thing goes for the
mainstream media
I did see a comment saying that I
shouldn't call them the lying mainstream
media and I do want to address that only
because as an anti-war activist yeah
they have perpetuated lies many times
over the decades very much for that
question so that doesn't mean that
everything they publish is false
absolutely not in fact I'm sure that the
vast majority of what they're reporting
is true it might have some political
spin on it and the same goes for
independent media but for me it's it's
just been a long long trajectory of
learning to think for myself I know the
value in that because again I was raised
as a Democrat I didn't question anything
I was one of those kids who like loved
to sit up straight in school with my
hands folded on the desk you know and
like wait for the teacher to tell me I
was good like I got a lot of validation
from that I really I'm not your typical
anarchist like most people are like I
always knew it was all jokes and a why
but like not me I didn't know I really
took it seriously
and I got a lot of I really liked I
really liked seeing inline so for me
I've had to challenge myself and it's
been a I went to public school all
through school I went to UCLA if that's
another public university like I I'm
fully steeped in the public education
system and it doesn't mean that
everything I learned there is wrong but
it does mean that it's been very helpful
upon asking questions just to leave room
for the fact that maybe just because
someone works for a blue check
organization that's branded truthful by
the establishment that doesn't
necessarily mean they're right and the
same goes for independent media like I
have had many many battles within the
independent media circle about
fact-checking and and making sure that
we're reporting responsibly and without
sensationalism so I don't I don't want
to come off like I'm one of those like
another lesson from use didn't what
everything is black and white so it's
not mainstream media bad independent
media good not at all I think there's
good in both and that's the beauty of it
is as individuals we have the power and
the capability to check things for
ourselves but we just have to be serious
so what are okay so what are you doing
now like it yep you're you're at your
where you are now you were editor in
chief of anti media where are you going
now because I heard that you were gonna
edit the fifth column you may have heard
of him so no I I would really like to
make more videos I've really taken this
time this past year it's been over a
year since we walked into media and I
didn't intend to take this much time off
and to myself and you know really take a
break for videos but it turned out that
that's what I needed so I'm just been
tending to myself because I was told
that this interview was gonna be about
coping and emotions and so I really want
to bring it back to that because that's
I can't do anything else if I'm not
taking care of myself and I realized I
burned myself out constantly making
content constitutes constantly oh my
gosh I told you somebody makes a video a
day and I used to make one a week like
it might Peaks but not
like that's a lot for me but yeah I've
been taking the time to really go inward
and I really think that's important for
the long-term healing of the world so
many of us are acting unconsciously and
I don't mean that as a judgement I just
mean there isn't much pause between what
we think or we feel and how we release
it into the world and I'm so guilty of
that I just thought a video today where
there's some sass you know and we can't
be perfect all the time but I would like
to continue my emotional exploration I'd
like to share more of that with my
audience because I'm so strictly
political now but that's really not all
of Who I am I'd say that this internal
exploration is just as much if not more
but I would like to get back to making
videos and I have some of the works
actually and a lot of them are just
challenging Authority political
authority that's philosophically what
matters to me because I found that being
out of the news cycle is actually kind
of nice for my mental health I mean it's
important to be informed but it's nice
not to be on Reddit and like 17 other
sites every day just like Oh lookey is a
horrible thing because it happened to
all that there always happening right
but there's also a lot of positive
things so I also like to highlight
solutions as well so as far as we're
moving forward and in in the US and
everything and eventually Trump will be
gone now all this stuff we're talking
about with coping is there something
that's going to parallel to that on a
collective level on a national level and
if so you have any idea on how we as
individuals can help that healing
process who hurt us and all that well I
mean judging by the way people reacted
to Marianne Williamson I don't think
that we're gonna find a way to blend
spirituality and emotional healing with
politics that just doesn't seem likely
to me it would be really cool but I just
don't I kind of see them as a post so I
mean at the end of the day what it
really comes down to is the individual
level and I'm sure there are people who
are gonna be like she's a libertarian of
course she thinks it's all individualism
but to bring it back to Tara Brock I
mean this is someone who she's not a
libertarian I can guarantee you that but
it's still at the end of the day we have
to be responsible for our own healings
just as much
we have to be responsible for what goes
on in the world and it can seem like we
can't make much of a difference but I'm
I I'm sorry I don't have a more systemic
answer because and I want to explain for
a second just because the reason I think
that we can't blend emotional healing
and spirituality with government and
politics and political so-called
solutions is that politics derives its
authority your violence I mean why do
you do what the police tell you to
because they have a cot right like why
do you obey assuming that you're not
committing you're not harming someone
it's because you can be thrown in a cage
if you violate the rules so I don't see
an institution that inherently is based
on violence or the threat of it I don't
see that really being a great arena for
becoming more peaceful its individuals
but yeah I think I think a community
really does matter though and I think
oftentimes in our political paradigm
community is confused for the electorate
whereas community can be the people you
live around it can be the entire world I
like to think of every human being it's
my community but it really does come
down to finding people that you can have
as a support system who share values
with you but also really taking
responsibility for yourself because I
have spent a lot of time in my life
blaming other people for why I was
unhappy and why I couldn't find peace
and as it turned out it was all within
me and I know that sounds like
California hippie stuff but it it's it's
been true for me and all I can do is see
what's true for me that actually jumps
right into this other question over here
how is anti state is impossible without
violence
well we actually kind of touched on it
so I'm talking about algorism
where you don't have to be violent to
participate in markets that are outside
of government control I think that's a
big one but I also for me the question
is how can anti state ISM be violent and
I know you probably disagree with me but
if we're talking about the nature of
violence that really colors the state
and we look at human history I maybe you
can correct me here I'm totally open to
it but I am yet to see a situation where
violently overthrowing a government
leads to
anything other than another violent
government that eventually devolves into
corruption and injustice but by all
means correct me because I feel like you
know more than I do
about violent revolution now you're
right I mean that that should be the
very very very last last tool in the
toolbox because if you employ violence
you're the best you can hope for is to
get a little bit closer to your goal
you're not actually going to get to
utopia you're just gonna maybe take one
step there if you're lucky or you may
end up with something even worse
so all right before you just want to say
as far as I know that I keep talking
about emotions and healing and childhood
trauma
but I mean if you look at some of the
most corrupt people in politics like I
don't have to like Donald Trump Trump to
be able to understand that he probably
had a tough time growing up like with
whatever kind of father he had with
whatever kind of experiences you know I
think he was acting out pretty young and
maybe if someone had come to him and
been like hey Donnie like what are you
feeling right now are you oh my gosh of
course you're feeling angry about this
like to to have validated his feelings
you know and like let him be seen as a
child like and again this doesn't mean I
support anything Donald Trump does but
trying to look at it without my politics
coloring anything else I mean I think
most people who do bad things have some
sort of trauma so before we move on I
just wanted to stick that in there as
far as you know violent authoritarians
and people in power ok well one of the
things I'm gonna yeah I don't know but
you know that's why other people are
coming on because we need some other
viewpoints here so one of the things I'm
gonna ask everybody that comes on is
give me a solution to something some
problem that the world is facing the
country is facing whatever give me a
solution that is going to one thing that
people can do that will help solve some
of it most of it a big piece of it
something sure well I my big one is
emotional healing that I feel like we
have already covered that in depth so
I'm gonna go something really simple
that I have discovered as I've gone
searching for positive news
I hope it doesn't sound meaningless but
honestly planting trees I don't know if
anyone saw the recent study or analysis
that showed that that is actually an
incredibly effective way to mitigate
carbon dioxide and no it is not the only
solution it's not like oh we each plant
a seed and all of a sudden no more
climate change your office on the
environment is fixed but it's actually
very accessible you can either do it
yourself or you can support any range of
organizations that will put proceeds
towards planting trees so there there
are specific environmental groups and
then there's one for example like a
search engine I don't know how to
pronounce it it's like eco si a o kosha
eco SIA and they take the ad revenue
from your searches and they put it
towards planting trees and I think
that's such a simple and lovely solution
and I know that it's not gonna fix
everything I know that I've been yelled
out in comments many many times no
matter what solutions I put for
somebody's an ad and somebody wants to
tell me that it's not gonna fix
everything but I think this is a really
sweet one and I think it's so symbolic
of new beginnings have you seen the
whole team trees thing that's taking
over YouTube no ok so short version for
those people that don't know there's a
guy named mr. beast who I kind of made
fun of when I actually made my little
video about it but after looking at it
because people like you reading the sky
wrong and I look I'm like yeah ok so he
does actually do a lot of charity work
with the money that he makes but he does
all these crazy stunts currently he's
trying to raise 20 million dollars
to plant 20 million trees with the Arbor
Day Foundation and the last time I
checked I think there were almost 2/6
and it's only been going on like 3 days
so yeah everybody check out that hashtag
it's on Twitter it's on YouTube
everywhere
and yeah it's definitely great and I of
course would add fruit trees to that
make fruit trees so you can help with
food insecurity as well okay so parting
shot what do you got what do you what do
you want to tell everybody well and I
actually this came quite smoothly
because of what you said were you just
saying that they raised more money than
they were anticipating than their goal
for the trees they're at 6 million they
want to do 20 million
but they've only been doing it like four
days they're gonna get there
exactly and that you know I know you
know I can be sassy in my videos but to
me like that is so inspiring and that's
so it gives me so much optimism because
that's not the only place we see
individuals taking collective action on
their own without anyone forcing them to
I believe many of your viewers or
listeners will remember after the
election how many people raised how many
millions of dollars for Planned
Parenthood because they thought that it
was gonna be threatened what a wonderful
way to organize society because when
things are essential when people care
they take action and they support a look
at the occasion Navy I know you've been
very active though in all of your
support for hurricane victims and it's
there's so many decentralized solutions
going on so many people who care and I
think that we see the political system
and we see all the bickering and we see
the venom really people are there's so
much contempt for each other but when
you look outside of politics and you
look at people just living their lives
day to day and expressing that they care
about things I think there's so much
hope and there's so much room for
innovation and and helping others I just
signed up to volunteer to dog shelter so
that's my my latest thing my one little
drop in the bucket my next one that's
what I'm gonna be doing that's awesome
okay well I guess that's it when I scan
through these questions one more time
okay see if there's anything else it was
get family and friends off of CNN MSNBC
Fox is that's a good question that you
might have some insight into why does
America continuously push its core
issues down the road and on to
generation after generation rather than
face its problems head-on and conquer
them for everybody's betterment that is
a wonderful question that actually could
be answered in a thousand different ways
that would all be correct but something
I see actually I wanted to make a video
about it at some point and it's
price-price I never did but I think
there's a very strong culture in this
country of avoidance like well I don't
wanna do that
I'll deal with it later you're sad take
a pill for that and you know you don't
you know you want to be skinny take a
pill for that you know and I'm not
saying that pills are inherently bad
that's not what I'm saying but
everything seems like a quick fix where
everything's a band-aid and I I don't
know which came first the chicken or the
egg I don't know if it's politics that
have turned people to look for quick
solutions or whether it's a culture that
then pushes people to want them but it
seems like as the question acknowledges
this has been happening for a very long
time I don't know if it's the nature of
politics because the problems tend to
just keep mounting I mean how big is the
debt now it's like twenty two point five
trillion dollars dot you know that could
be relevant you know like since we're
gonna have to pay for it but I don't see
many candidates talking about it
certainly Donald Trump isn't talking
about Donald Trump is bragging about or
pushing for negative interest rates with
the Fed and then saying he's taking on
water another key thing he's taking on a
federated supporters actually think that
he's challenging the Federal Reserve by
saying that there should be negative
interest rates and you know I'm not an
economist but I don't think that that's
how you get your way out of debt it just
you know so it's it is it is systemic I
don't I'm not gonna say I know exactly
why I don't like to pretend like I know
things I don't but I do think it's in
the culture that kind of avoidance are
you still a supporter of cryptocurrency
I am yeah I'm not active in the
cryptocurrency community but I have my
little my little sum of crypto that I I
heard and I coddled and I do think
speaking that you know we were talking
about the Federal Reserve that's another
form of a Garissa this is a competing
currency the dollar is not really
serving everyone well you know I had the
way it's been distributed the way it's
controlled so I think options like
cryptocurrency especially in developing
countries that takes up the middleman it
takes out the bank that's huge and
there's a greater level of privacy even
though there's a blockchain I mean you
don't have a bank that has all of your
records so yeah I love cryptocurrency
I'm not an expert but reciate the
potential all right so one more okay
give this something else on healing
coping something like that
and just will kind of close out on that
and when are you going to start doing
videos on that topic which is something
I heard somebody told you to do yes I
actually have a script written for that
but I'm going to have someone else
record the audio for me so that'll be
coming out when she does that but I
think the one thing I want to share it's
so basic but it's also so not taught to
us anything forget everything I said
honestly if anything could help bring
you and this is of course in my
experience but if anything could help
bring you towards a little bit more calm
towards a little bit more healing a
little bit more awareness a less
reactivity I would say just start to
become curious about what comes up for
you say you're watching Donald Trump and
he's just saying something awful that
like really makes you mad you know like
the kind of thing that just makes me
want to record a video right away and
like yell at the internet you know like
when that comes up whether it's about
Donald Trump whether it's about someone
in your personal life just setting the
intention to pause and explore that
where am I feeling it what am I feeling
I tend to feel things in my chest like
right in my heart a lot of people feel
it on their stomach they feel it in
their throat just becoming curious about
that inner world any experience we have
and instead of fighting it instead of
being like oh no I'm angry I got to get
rid of it instead just be like okay I'm
angry that's here right now and that way
when you add that little bit of
mindfulness to it there's a much smaller
chance that you're gonna put it back out
into the world and that is a big lesson
for me and it's for me it's been
emotions 101 so if you're someone who
you know doesn't like to give in to
their feelings or isn't familiar with
their feelings that would be a great
place to start all right
okay so pluck whatever it is you want to
plug and and we'll get out of here sure
you can find me on YouTube Kerry Butler
CA re YW e Diaz and dog le AR you can
find me on Instagram I am banned from
Twitter but my my hahaha so funny that
I'm banned from Twitter hilarious
I'm also on cement and mines I like to
support those alternative decentralized
social media options that's another form
of fighting the establishment you can
find me on all those alright alright
everybody and we will be if you're
listening on the podcast we'll be back
with something I'm not sure what's next
right after this and if you're going to
be watching this on YouTube
y'all have a good night okay we're done
now yet hang on